For a long time the walls of
peguche and atauntaqui have a voice
irreverent charged with an explosion of
Beetle color will be simpler
now they are more complex, more detailed and
they have a little more realism is the voice
of tenacious a young man who has turned
these cement walls on a canvas of
strength and dignity my name is Alvaro
I am from the peguche community
I dedicate myself to what is city art with the
spray technique
the sprays my stage name is
ternas and they put me like that because when
graffiti on the cities or
communities the comments of the
friends said it's something issues from
there when they put me in 9 subjects
from the garden I liked what is the
drawing are not enough in the years I entered the
school
sometimes I traveled and I saw the graffiti on
the cities there is when I liked it
impacted this technique of aerosols and
since that's when I started using
this technique and identify myself with what
it's graffiti
already with the dedication and practice I have gone
improving in what is the
graffiti in hyperrealism the
hyperrealism is the graffiti that is made
the organism of a photograph where you
it is almost 100% identical to the
Photo
as an indigenous person like to carry
proudly in my culture this has not
been my fundamental basis for
identify myself in the graffiti with the
indigenous not
and I think that my dream in the act already
I'm living because it's always been my
I dream of catching a spray and painting and
especially livable
almost everywhere graffiti is
recommends synonymous with hooliganism at
that our idea with laws and
otherwise it is not a form of free
express yourself and we see
with a form of revolution like about
the system
I have dedicated myself more I have improved more in
the works although not always
in the society in which we are
we of the artists if there are
supports not sometimes that has been the test
harder to do things to follow
being an artist, but not like that, there are people
who knows how they appreciate art
spaces give you work each person we
support with a grain of sand to see
that graffiti does not die
then that's when we
we decided to express ourselves more strongly